al
[Music]
Ok pe pe pe we Go here
perform for you if you know the
words you can Jo put your hands Together
if you Clap as we take you through this
monkey rap
[Music]
Marimar to María to Juana to Lola to all of
us who are here to get green
listen to me the patio It's going for you Not me but
my bosses who have a lot of money
and who are very rich people from Seville are going to
go for you because I already have them warned you
know and whatever I say they will do
because they love me madly Because I have been
with them for many years are you
listening to me because my husband is from
Seville I am extreme But and and my
children are Andalusian just like you are
from Seville also from Alcalá del Río and
from Gerena are you listening to me well you
know that I know your life I have already told
Rafael who found out about your life and I already
know dis p a paz I know who you are where you
live I know who you are from the laa that comes
and I know everything now tomorrow you put it and that they are
going for you eh  Be very careful,
eh, you don't know who you're
messing with now, eh, you're not
messing with just anyone, not with any
chav, not with any
low-class people. No, I'm not any of that, son. I
'm very polite and I'm with
very prestigious and well-educated people. You
know, and I know a lot of people in Seville
from high society because I go everywhere with them and
their children. Are you
understanding, Jabi Oliveira, what you've
never been to? To the box, to good places, to
fairs, to the best places in April.
Where do you go? Who are you? Yes, I am a hard
worker, but I have a lot of
prestige. Because I work with
very wealthy people and very wealthy people
who think they can screw you and I know
your life. If you come back, I'll take out all
your [ __ ]. Are you listening to me? Now, I
had to leave because I'm in the
hospital. I'll take out
yours. Loren,
calm down. No, it's not right to threaten,
eh, how threatening, it's not right to threaten,
Loren. Honestly, no,
eh, it's his information, eh. I'm not
interested at all.
eh. If there's a
problem, if you, eh, are offended in any way,
you have the right to complain.  and sir no I do
n't feel offended really Loren
But why do you always have to
say that we are bad and that we are
people that we are all we are say what you say
say what you want when it comes down to
it listen to me Loren when it comes down to
it that this man says scum that you
are scum it's almost a medal
because that man ruined his
prestige on YouTube a
long time ago then he's going to screw it up
better that it's not worth threatening him
really no no no I'm not
threatening I'm only saying that
if he puts things up again
telling us things and and and threatening that we are
such that we are which
who the [ __ ] knows us
that that guy knows us let's
see Loren this eh This man is
characterized by insulting exactly and and
listen to me Loren from me he's not going to get
an insult or a threat
eh or an insult or a slander
No really no Loren don't
calm down that he says whatever he wants eh
Because because really I
personally don't give a damn
I don't care about his life
at all either but I've also found out
how he does it, what he's doing is investigating, I haven't been in
charge of finding out the people
who and where I work because I
asked them to find out and it's all been
found out just like he does with
Tania, with the other one, with the other one, with the
other one and what he talks about about
older people in his in his in his, that has
older people all the people that are
there because what I've seen and what I
see are
older women are older women
bu let's see Loren what you can't fall for
is the game eh that makes insults and humiliation out of his job
because you know what happens eh no, he doesn't
humiliate you or me or
anyone else, he humiliates himself, he humiliates only himself
So he doesn't do anything. Really, there's no need to
do anything eh eh that you've found out.
I don't want to know anything about this man, I don't
want to know anything.
You know that the most harm that can be done to
this man is
indifference, that's what
we have. Indifference is the most harm that
could be done to him because  It's a very
self-centered thing, you know, and man, when we start
insulting each other, I don't insult that
man or anyone else, I insult in my life,
take it, warn you, even if you get indignant, make it
laugh Loren, really, well, well, Lis is
right, of course, she's right, but I don't like that he's
always offending me, what I don't like,
Loren, are the threats, really,
but if he has a lawyer, I have them too. What I
'm telling him is,
listen to me, everyone has their own
Loren, but it's not worth it to
get into it, that's what you have to
realize. I haven't
come in, eh, never, eh, never come in. Well,
that's never, the first time I speak, eh, the
first time, don't listen to me, but you coming in
threatening him doesn't seem right to me, eh. No,
I don't come in threatening him. I only
said that I have people just like he says he
has his lawyers. I also
have mine, too, and I also
have them ready to go, too, that he
insults and doesn't say things that aren't true, that
we are such and such, that we are  some which if
such And that is okay okay
look Loren this the only thing I don't know You're welcome
this this the only thing that gives it is
content and more fuel good tomorrow let it
speak eh
and really not in the space nor
threats or insinuations eh we talk about
what happens on the network eh And if someone
has a direct problem with this
man for that we all have a lawyer I
have
none
then Not even stopping to investigate look what you ca
n't do what you can't
do Loren is fall into the same thing that they
do but also my children and my
husband Sevilla we know a lot of people
that of course there will be a lot of people who
know him of course
Of course but but it's not worth it
really Loren like that no I didn't like it
really no Well
look no no the truth Pilar
Hey why isn't the chat working Oh some
threats for God some threats but I have
n't said anything to her eh I mean it's that
I have messed with the others that I
have messed with the others that the others
are already messing with me and dedicating
the space to me well it's that space
They're saying it's entirely dedicated to
me Uy uy uy u some threats dude some
threats you didn't make a mistake scene no no I don't
know why the chat isn't working let's see I'm going to
update please
people The real bad girls no
but
man it's not about but about
please what is mister orora you can't go
like that they have that they have looked for you that they have
looked for information where I
work my god what complaint does that have
tomorrow I will send it to Pablo Let's see if he
wants to report her
eh [ __ ] the chat isn't working dude the chat isn't working
dude no but the worst thing is that I have
gone into his profile and he follows me the worst thing is
that I have gone into super profile and he
follows me and puts on his profile we fight
against the aco we don't want
disrespect bad at the waist bad at
the knees
XD a kiss gui
Of course but if it's that he
follows me no no I have gone into and he
follows me that woman disappeared serene
scared face no no but he follows me and
has his his profile dedicated Antonio
David anyway my god the
blue tide my god in the end it wasn't so blue
Eh In the end so  blue wasn't eh
[ __ ] How
can I exactly Javier oliv vergas
what a fabric eh Look Javier olgas is
remembering that the other day in the
gibel chat there was also
one who said that he had seen me in a
store and that he wanted to tell me I don't know what in
person is like dude Imagine if he
starts taking
pictures of me pictures of the kids dude and I but
what kind of debt do some of them have eh I mean
look at you eh look at you eh dizzy
since 2019 I don't want harassing or
fake people no to harassment and now the whole chat
is I mean his whole profile is photos of
Antonio David With many
hearts well my god what followers
listen to me
the [ __ ] chat doesn't come up Why dude What
can I
do chat
YouTube
PayPal
bouquet Man dude it makes me really angry that
the chat doesn't appear
dude it makes me really angry to work on
screen dude bues
No I don't feel supported
dude I don't feel
supported
members
member you need your dough bath Javi
yeah
always always let's see let's update
the
members bar that we said we were
in 43
81 4
3881 target
5000 no don't stop dreaming okay
members the
salsería 1231
2024 Okay and the chat What's up dude You're not going
out
dude You're not going out You're not going
out chatbox let's see what I can
play let's see I want you to talk a lot I
want you to talk a
lot Ha better remove the bar you have to
update it manually every day Yes
yes the bar the bar is whatever you
want eh I mean the bar no no it's not
automatic there are a lot of people who believe
that the bar is automatic but no no
you put the bar manually I mean I could
put whatever I wanted there eh
Maybe I have 28,000 members and I
'm telling you that I
have 4000 so you can give me more
No well
nothing no No no no no no
today that's not going nice thing thing well
done Hug handsome kiss georgio
Thank you very much Always every
day dude every
day let's see copy let's
paste it again paste it again see if I
touched something
what  come on dude it's perfect dude it
's perfect
dude he doesn't want to show up and that's it
dude maybe in a little while we'll be
live and suddenly
the salsería appears, he's on orus
well I don't read aus in the chat the
truth is my goodness eh but it's getting
a little out of hand the one they promote
eh whatever it is it's when it's not one who
wants to hit me in person it's another It's a
lady I know all of Seville I know where you
live I know
where e
[Music]
Yes yes oru of course you can publish whatever
you want it's not mine it's theirs it's from their
space but it's getting a
little out of hand those they promote and and
the hate they move eh I mean it's tremendous
eh I mean it's tremendous it's tremendous
listen to me be careful eh careful
careful careful with the hate Okay
let's comment on things let's not
comment on
things Oh I thought Milica had
said something about the robbery Ah yes Look no Ah
no he didn't say anything Oh I thought
Milica and I put it in the title I did
n't believe Milica had said something
about the robbery because I found
this and I haven't seen it dude and it's a tweet
about today it's going to be my first irl street
in my country I was in Spain through Chile through
Mexico through
Colombia first irl and they rob him eh I mean
first irl and they rob him eh Let's start with
orlock since it has been founded by the
following clips in which I was
doing a podcast with René ZZ and
first of all well answer the
following question if you would kick
a dog for 10,000 would you kick
a puppy for
10.00 We were looking here the other day we
took out an extract you already remember like
in hand
roll For 10000 maybe not but for
100000 You kick him but it
disintegrated him he kicks him so hard you can't
even find the dog's snout dude yes no I
mean but the place disappears the dog
eh but for
10,000 a punch but no I don't know I don't
know really eh
eh I don't  s I mean I'm gonna be
honest with you for 10,000 euros for a baby
0% of people are gonna say No I would never
do that but sh of course bro 100,000
for 100,000 for 10,000 a lot of people would
do it Even though most people tell you
no a lot of people would do it because
100,000 is a lot of money that's crazy for
100,000 well whoever says no there will
be some crazy people who really say
no and really wouldn't do it but
most people as soon as the
door closes and it's just you and the puppy
well man dude what a dick
no furay no let's see I think that for 100,000
euros almost everyone would do it eh in all
honesty I think that for 100,000
almost everyone would do it eh For
100,000 I'm not gonna tell you no eh
kill him it's not a kick a kick it's not
that you like to kick No it's not that you
like it but 100,000 euros damn it's that
100,000 euros can save your life it
depends on many things It depends on
your economic situation your
social situation it depends on your
needs no no in public everyone
in public everyone is going to
say in public everyone is going to
say no public everyone is going to
say that it's not worth it But the question here
is not would you kick for 100,000
for 10,000 for 20,000 no no the question
here is the real question eh I mean
this is a hypothetical situation it's not going to
happen don't get so excited okay
in the
debate The question is and that nobody
recorded you or that it was recorded I mean if nobody
knows would you kick nobody is going to
find out there here the issue is eh Of course if it is
known in public or not that is what I
see eh that is what I see Hey witch maybe there are
many who do eh Maybe there are
many who do but I think that
I think that
100,000 everyone would say no
here in the chat and in public and all that
stuff is worth it but I think that almost
everyone would do it, I mean very few people very
few people very few people wouldn't do it eh
100,000 euros a kick to an
animal and it's not because you like hitting
animals it's animal abuse
we eat animals we eat animals
100,000
100,000 and maybe you need it you have
a mortgage you can't make ends meet
100,000 how disgusting to think about it it gives me the creeps I don't
understand you on this ncal Eh This is like
if I tell you
what I tell you what other example
can I give you, I mean they are
hypothetical and super extreme examples that are not going
to happen nobody is going to offer you 100,000 or
5 euros to kick someone you understand
nobody nobody nobody eh nobody is going to come to you
with this being a mortgage but it's like
if they tell you Hey,
what would you
prefer ah what example do I make up
that is  an outrage like that also an
example that is an outrage
mm if they kill you what would you prefer than them
killing your neighbor or raping your
mother Hello chat Valeria and grandpa How are you we are
going to reach 5k to
show the gentlemen
so that grandpa buys the Garfield and
starts checking out the
Twitter community okay but my goodness leave
Sebastian alone Peppa is already
looking after Sebastian I don't know if you
have seen on Twitter that Peppa
is already looking after Sebastian
the name of who has donated in
Sebastian of Who has Don in the
kids man the lady already knows the
name Javi what a stronger example Oh
Adri andri and it is not strong that they hit
a
dog and you are telling me saying that it
is not serious that they kick
a dog what does it say they would not leave the
snout these are hypothetical cases they are
bestialities that are not going to happen now
in a real
life situation in a
life situation of course it would depend on many
factors What do 100000 mean
100000 eur for I Well they are not the same
100000 eur as for
a pppa ban I don't know you understand
raising it is already disgusting Okay yeah but
if we are not raising it it is being
there because they have asked these
questions you give a joint to tyron and I will
give you 10,000 members per channel well well
man of course 5000 well
let's see if he eats them for free
in the alley the
[ __ ] I have also been seeing that it
is not the only clip that has been criticized there is
also this one it is about vaping dude
tradition I mean tobacco and vaping
[ __ ] bro really I mean bro if you
want to smoke give it a couple of balls
dude it's not that dude you're not even worth smoking
dude it's not even worth smoking Let's see
I think that bape that one doesn't have to
be very good eh something with
electronic batteries I don't know it doesn't seem very to me if he
smokes he smokes I mean but the bape is not
good for the lungs and for things
eh dude  it's like in fact it's
bad too but if you smoke smoke like a
lord like you've done all your life bro
with cancer bro with aluminum with with with
tar bro I mean you want to smoke but you
don't have to taste like me cotton with
sugar you don't know how to smoke or you don't know how to do
anything bro not even to smoke you're worth it dude and
besides I'm convinced and I don't have
any scientific qualifications or
any basis to have an opinion on this but I'm
convinced that vaping is worse than smoking
or maybe it's not worse but at
least it's not lying it's that by logic
something electric with a battery you know you
buy a slice from a box of tobacco and it says you're going to
die hard concise you buy
the paper and it says watermelon flavor no
bro no no no I don't get it in my face
always with smoking always with smoking bro
and and vaping is disgusting man it's disgusting and it's really
bad I feel worse when I
smoke when I vape when I smoke F real I
mean but doing both no no no I don't vape But
have you tried I've tried and you at the
time I quit smoking I started vaping
and  it felt worse I swear man and about
the comments he's received from hate
tors look that Alex
Villa has been saying that he thinks people haven't
understood that Orlock makes these
comments in a humorous tone I
know him well the blackout guy or
rather the guy with the black arm okay
Well he invited him invited him to a podcast And
then they talked there and then he
released clips and he's putting the clips on
Twitter and people man I'm laughing my ass off
insulting Orlock insulting Orlock
as if like as if something
Orlock said was serious you know
what what I'm telling you he said it
seriously he said it seriously he said it
seriously like Orlock is there saying or
or he's saying a point but he says it like well
being Orlock you know what I'm
telling you people don't understand anything at
all at all Eh they don't understand anything
at all the people there my goodness the
[ __ ] these two say and like
yeah man I mean I thought I want to make
a podcast called
[ __ ] or so yeah
we're talking about  stupid things like
but why do people think that if I
put a microphone to my mouth suddenly
I'm lecturing and I want and and and I
want to teach you how to live or something has
won doggy with 67 by the way like well Of
course yes well of course
every time I do live the 90 by
of the things that I say They are subn
normalities to entertain people
You think we're having a
deep debate here about and Well here
Alex V he looks quite calm but he's
getting angry regarding V AAA the
clip and what it took to be the people of
this you know but you catch a clip and you say
my god this orl has no [ __ ]
idea why orlock was in there saying of
course m it's funny to me because it's a
typical topic of conversation that
orlock would say on the ts you know then of course
we We laugh like Haha because
it's a joke you know but then he says it on
a [ __ ] podcast and people take it
Seriously Then he said he said it seriously he
said that people Well something that
I must have said live many  times sure like
smoking shitty vfes
like if you want to smoke really
smoke smoke cancer of the Really you know what I'm
saying smoke real cancer this this
cancer with colors le What the [ __ ] is
smoke cancer for real Well
orlock says this in a nar calia a kiss
podcast and people like
orlock insinuating and making
people smoke pushing people to smoke
my god How real and this guy is
famous like but you are
mentally [ __ ] but you are but you are stupid But
how did you get to where you are How did you get a
job how did you get a
job you laugh at us
for working as streamers I laugh at
you who have a [ __ ] job Maybe
in a position of responsibility
and you are totally inept you are
[ __ ] and maybe you have a position
of responsibility in a
car company or something like that I curse God but you
are idiots But how what I have not
understood this absolutely to know what it is about
this last sentence
Look Listen to this work Maybe in a
you laugh  of us for working as
streamers I laugh at you who have
a [ __ ] job Maybe in a
position of of you have realized what has
happened here have you realized
what has happened here listen to it
Carefully or where are you How did you
get a job how did you get a
job you laugh at us
for working as streamers I laugh at
you who have a [ __ ] job Maybe
in a position of responsibility
and you are totally inept you are
[ __ ] and maybe it is a
position of responsibility in a
car company or something like that I curse God
but you are idiots you have not understood
any of it Look Listen to it what has happened
here is that he says look here he said
how did you get a job you laugh
at us for working as streamers you
laugh at us for working as
streamers I laugh at you who
have a I laugh at you who
have a job Maybe in a
position a [ __ ] job Maybe in a
position you know I was going to say a
shitty job a job job  normal of course I was
going to say a job that charges 15
euros 1200 euros I was going to say a
normal job okay What happens is that he has
managed to control himself that he has a
hard time controlling his anger you
understand and he has fixed it by saying
Maybe it is a position of responsibility
but you are stupid it doesn't make
any sense what he is saying what I was going
to say is you are laughing you are laughing at
us Because we are streamers I laugh
at you who have a job that you don't
laugh at us for working it's
crazy Javi no no no no no I'm not hallucinating I'm
not hallucinating he saved it on
the fly Look he tried to save it
Alex biz who yes yes he saved it
on the fly Look Listen to him you
got a job it doesn't make any
sense it doesn't make any sense what
a [ __ ] says I laugh at you who maybe
have a [ __ ] job of
responsibility and you are [ __ ] it doesn't
make sense it doesn't make sense what I was
going to say was eh you are laughing at us
Because we are streamers the typical no that
people  They laugh at the streamers
that I don't know what like what he's trying to say
is here we are earning a
fortune in our
little house, it doesn't make sense what he's
saying Of course because what I was going to say something
else has
saved it How did you get a job
you laugh at us for working as
streamers I laugh at you who
have a [ __ ] job Maybe in a
position of responsibility and you are
totally inept you are [ __ ] and
maybe you have a position of
responsibility in a car company
or something like that I curse God but you are
idiots But how do you see But how do you get
degrees so that later you say so that
later you say he is sending a
message that he doesn't have But how do you get a
degree but maybe you have a position
of responsibility and maybe you have it does
n't make sense you don't know who is
criticizing you you don't know if you are being
criticized by a kid who has a degree who does
n't have one a lawyer doesn't have a
[ __ ] idea what you I mean no, I was not
going to say something else is that this kid
doesn't control he doesn't control when he gets
heated he goes Like this he goes ch
and  he starts saying nonsense that he doesn't
mean and you have a career and you have a
career But who has a career that you
don't know who with you is a career
yes [ __ ] and ends by commenting that
this is criticized but then there are
other podcasts that he won't
name that people applaud where
worse things are said the [ __ ] horrendous comes out
saying I really smoke I don't know what And he's
pushing people to smoke
real tobacco instead of bape me who is
joking is being an idiot half of the
[ __ ] podcast and and it's all the time orlock
being horrendous saying stupid things to
laugh at You really are
stupid you really are stupid but nothing
nothing you have to do all that yes then then there are
podcasts that you think also the
podcasts don't seem like you know
what the problem is with all this that
podcasts don't seem like you eh good or bad
depending eh depending on whether the topic being
talked about is serious or not it's if it tells you what
you think because then there are
podcasts that I'm not going to say names okay
podcasts that you love okay  you say say it say it
my goodness often pee more good you just said that I
almost vomit
when I hear these things okay Yo
when I hear it I almost vomit and say
my goodness like people but well This is what
life is about that you like some
podcasts and I might like others
going with the next thing we have the socas
that has been done what a crap that just
jumped WiFi I mean let's see if you
go to
if there are people who have said crap or
not in a podcast I think they have
criticized each other and they have taken out on Twitter
clip when there has been an outrage
Why Because on Twitter there are people from the
left right from the top down
who think one way and think
another way I mean There is always someone who is
upset with what you say because there are
a lot of opinions no So there are always
people who are going to defend this podcast
not what it has done well there are people who are going to
defend it and there are people who are going to
attack it okay
Oh
tremendous what are we going to see now Ah I
went to see this the other day but in the end
I say no no I don't know if it has  a lot of
chicha Let's see the reunion
of Ar and Juan happening with the following
we have Ar and Juan guizo who have
met Face to Face at the
simones awards of Don ojo
eh even ar Gameplays has given
the award to Juan guarnizo of the rle Player
of the year in this category in fact I want
a young lady who is
sitting down who is not paying
attention what the hell is
the
[Music]
microphone sounding so bad let's see I understand that here they have already
seen each other before outside man they have
seen each other before outside yeah it's not like they
meet here without a reason but
noen he doesn't give a
[ __ ] What do I have to do I sit here I
want to sit down if you want to sit down if he would get
up to greet her of course they have
seen each other before outside microphone of 20 well fate
how are things eh I mean
if I'm not mistaken the one who knows Ari
because Ari is the girlfriend of his friend Akim the one
before who was super friends was s he
was super close with Akin that I
remember I that in his day  I criticized him
for the kid from My Little Pony and the
Dead and Akin messed with me
because I was jealous of him anyway gossip from
25 years ago not approximately and And
then Juan over time Juan was a
miniaturero he was a miniaturero of the Dead
okay And in the end he met Ari well
Juan was growing too I mean
Juan is famous for hanging out with the
Dead and
and and having been with Ari trust me how
things are there are a lot of people who don't
know Javi last night you were incredible
What do you mean damn What do you
mean Today there's a video on the
main channel eh I don't know what time but today there's a
video on the main channel I don't know if it would
catch us
here I can sit I can be sitting no
Why not those four fitar G I can't
believe the category is better rle Player
of the
year various participant here I say like this how
is the
list starting one and then you leave
Starting with Juan s guarnizo and well
for those who are not familiar with
these awards that are given by the one they are voted on
through the typical
Twitch polls in full  live to be able to
award the
streamers and the
[Music]
ch Thank you for your participation
much was also nominated but
the
face rest it egg I
won that they get divorced
again I don't think so and well happening with
Hey, well look, well it's nice that they
get along like this, no after a divorce, no
eh that they have respect for each other, that they have
affection for each other, no and what and what and what Hey, it's
not very good, it's very good, let's
see, well eh In the end they will
always coincide, no Or much in the same
circles, no then As long as the
situation is more or less sustainable, then I
understand that it's uncomfortable. I haven't seen them
uncomfortable, the truth is I said on telesalseo it
's basic biology that a 60-year-old woman
cannot have more children and they told me We don't
want biologists and they asked to
ban me until they did it seriously
Eduardo who knows what you would say Eduardo a
little tacky these awards, well I don't think so
Anica well I don't think so well I don't think so, I don't think so
that they are tacky, the
truth is Okay, okay, not bad Hey
yesterday or the day before yesterday you were
asking me  that I saw this utbh video
Okay, he says swear on your family if
necessary, that's how a psychopathic ex-girlfriend manipulates,
right? I mean, here utbh, eh, full eh with
Lali and I told you, no, I'm not going to give my opinion, eh.
No, no, I'm not going to react to utbh's video
because without seeing it I already know the
opinion, nobody asked you, but well,
yes, they did ask for it. Here they did ask for it,
several people asked for it, I think it
was also on Super Chana, but I said,
look, eh, I'm not going to do it because I already
know the opinion, and seriously, well, we
have, eh,
suddenly a difference of opinions.
But because he doesn't like the
people that I like. And I don't like the
ones he knows,
but of course, I asked you not to watch it,
wizard, but you're not in charge here. You're
a
nobody. Let's see, eh, what happened?
Well, what happened is that he did
start watching a clip of mine about what I think,
so of course, here I'm going to watch it
here. Yes, I'm going to watch it here.  mandal
luares exactly here I'm going to
see it see Of course if he has also started watching
a clip of a stalker eh from a
harassment account that is like uncle You don't
even know if that clip will be good or not
Daniel a kiss
handsome you don't even know if that click
will be well cut or not cut if it
will say the same or not it will say the same
now we will see not that I don't know what
a cubata is
man it scares the fear and there is one thing is
that I have seen this before I do not want to launch
this I do not
want to hate Javi Oliveira or anything
like that but it is
a hate Javi Oliveira or anything like that
but it is a Wilson kid I mean
already see Wilson I mean Wilson
is an account of a person who before
in the past well became obsessed
with me eh he dedicated his [ __ ] life to me he
was stalking me okay the moment I
faced this already eh I think that I will
do this live it is interesting to the SEO I do
n't know if I will do it in the interest of the SEO or
here okay I mean I don't know if I will do it
here because Wilson's is a story
that also happened here  eh I mean he's
a person from the past That's good because you
AC thing t thing t thing and when you
confront him no when You finally pay attention to him
then he cries cries and he's a victim I do
n't know what so he went back to the internet he
lost connection with everyone
Although his own friends already know that
he's on the internet somehow
okay what Wilson did is a
tremendous story okay what Wilson did is a
tremendous story that when I tell you about it
in detail and I tell you Pin Pin
Pin Pin but come on a stalker is a
stalker but a very careful one I mean
the guy has The guy has been
obsessed with me for years and now since he doesn't
want to do it with his face okay how he doesn't
have the balls to do it with his face he
creates an email account he creates a
T account to harass because what you
are a stalker Because look now I'm
going to disagree with utbh and I don't care I
do it with my face just
like he's going to criticize me No well he
does it with his face it's not that I expose
gossip no no no it's that I talk no no t
your account is dedicated to Javi  oliveira
Because you have an obsession because in
the past you didn't have the balls okay And I
left you as what you are and now you're a
stalker that's what you are you
understand That's what you are a
stalker you understand me It's not that I do it
from here because I no no no no no no
you don't expose hypocrisy or
contradictions nor are you a vigilante no you
're not a stalker Why don't you do it
Because you don't have the balls because because you're
ashamed that people recognize you
on the street and that you are this this is an
account for This okay And then the
Cri cuts manipulating that I'm going to see the c
because maybe the c doesn't even mean
what I said
here voting about something that says in
fact right now all those
accounts are watching the live No no that's
Full HD every day whether the live is at
3 in the afternoon at 3 in the morning It's
always like that eh always like that By the way
I would like to see Gibel with the
canine No that in the end he blocked the account
and we didn't see it I don't know if there's
something there it says in
the video  this and I would
like I would like to make a
clarification on this matter now that justice is
super slow I don't even know if
Ricky has already received the complaint
and she ends up confirming that there was indeed a
sect but that she was conscious at
that moment to put it into context a little
we are talking about the day
before everything that happened on
Twitter she realizes that since it
happened without her remembering
details of any of this means that she has
been abused and when the first thing she
accepts that since it happened without her
remembering details and so on she accepts that it has been
abuse one thing is not remembering
details and another thing is not remembering
that you have slept with a guy okay
Wilson which I find disgusting I find it
disgusting because surely if you
Suddenly you were seeing that the same thing
is being explained by Dallas Hey an
unconscious girl I don't know you would say that Dallas
is slandering Okay but since this is
the situation And these are the papers and
this is the side that is speaking well
you are going to justify it somehow This okay
Ricky Don't believe the girlfriend ever
comes to her making up an abuse or she makes it up
later  Ricky doesn't
believe his girlfriend, okay, the girlfriend comes to him c
using her in infidelity, the girlfriend
comes to him when he catches her
conversations after taking her
phone and searches it, the girlfriend tells him
no, it's that I was very drunk, it's that I was
going to be on drugs, it's that not what
you want Okay, but she didn't tell him I've been
raped, she didn't tell him I've been abused It's not that I do
n't remember It's that I was
very drunk that I don't know what, I don't know how much It's not that I do
n't remember details,
details okay, it was a lie, the girl,
the girl was lying, she was lying
because he caught her with the
ice cream cart
But what the [ __ ] It's not that he told me no, no,
no, he made up the abuse, okay, hey, well, that's
abuse and then he says it and
she accepts it, okay, she accepts it
perfectly, it comes to me like a [ __ ] legend that it's
abuse, okay, but he doesn't believe her, he
makes her put up a thread, he blocks her from his
networks and deletes photos of them with them on
Instagram, okay, and not only that, he
picks up conversations between her and the
guy where she wants to meet again
with the
guy How is it that she makes up a
rape she makes up a rape and
wants to meet up with the guy again
we're stupid we're stupid it doesn't make
sense and apart from that for me Henry in this
long tweet that Ricky wrote the other
day he says at the moment that I before
she told me anything I spoke with the
boy the boy's testimony came to me the
boy's version I knew
perfectly well that this was conscious
then
Sergio Why does he start making a video
with a teaser with her and a series and
another video on Twitter saying that
his girlfriend has been abused I don't care if
she makes it up he makes it up that it was a
mutual idea that it was
an idea that they found
because Hey because they saw a video of
cocu I don't care if she made it up
then she made it up if he made it up
he made it up
but both by mutual agreement
falsely accused a person because she was
unfaithful to him and he without
believing her without believing that it was abuse he
started making that whole series of videos
saying that his girlfriend had been raped for
what For self-esteem for the ego he
has because he is not able to
accept that a girl has cheated on
him when he wants to marry them
he is famous you understand me or rather
come on seriously
tell me I personally believe that the one who
ASSUMES and sells it that way is him
but it is not the same as your partner coming to you
that he cheated on you with
the excuse of being super drunk I lost my
mind I don't know what I didn't remember I don't
know how much Oh it was an abuse an abuse It's that
the girl we are not going to see and this I
think that let's see I understand that
ent I imagine that he
interprets you are friends with Ricky edit you
go on a trip with him And then you
interpret what you want
the other to interpret if we get down to
it everything that is around Rick
to try to leave Ricky in the worst possible place
edit No serious no serious no to m Ricky edit
blocked me for the first time and it came to me at the
time
because I wasn't saying in my videos
what he wanted me to say okay When I
made a video that said exclusive
Ricky your girlfriend is lying to you what was
I saying  in that video Sergio the
girlfriend has conversations with
friends where they talk about lying to Ricky,
what Ricky has said now
I already told that in that exclusive and don't see
what I'm lio You have access to
ask me why haven't you
asked me what I had asked you
about an exclusive that I have already found out
there you understand that they have
confirmed to me out there they even showed me
the conversations the audios of Ali what are you
telling me man please but let's
see when you are super caught and
your partner comes who has cheated on you
and you want answers because you
are probably eh with a with
anxiety and with a terrible agogo because I
want answers what the [ __ ] happened
and your partner starts giving you excuses and
excuses and changes the version and in the end he
tells you I was very high he tells you I
was very high I don't remember I don't
remember anything I only remember that I kissed him I
don't remember anything of what
happened I was very high I was very
drunk I was unconscious I don't
remember anything the other person
obviously what they are going to tell you is
Then they have abused you because what  you
are narrating No Sergio no Sergio no
Sergio no no no no no no It's not like that
Sergio this is a lie it's that
he takes some conversations from Ali
planning to meet up with the
guy again because he is fully aware
that he has
[ __ ] her Sergio this girl entered the house
of that night of that party
of those friends and came in saying here I am I'm
free you can do whatever you
want to me no no no no it
's that he was very in love and no no no no no no
forgive me but no Sergio
forgive me but no because if you are very
in love and you think that your girlfriend has been
raped you don't block her you don't delete her
photos on Instagram and you don't make her post
a thread and you don't leave her alone in Zaragoza
you support her because you think that she has been
raped but he didn't believe that she had been
raped he began to believe that she had been
raped when Dallas made a video of him he
was so in love that he deleted the
photos together no no No man no that's
abuse If you say I am not
aware that I am sleeping with this
person, this person was so  drugged
so drunk that I don't remember what
happened to me what you're telling the
other guy is abuse And probably ri
Then he asks her So he sexually abused you
and she's the one who to save
that
not that relationship but to save
That lie accepts that it was like that but
no Then you can't interpret that it
's Ricky who made this up above
all and I tell you this with all the
love in the world it doesn't fit my [ __ ]
head that you live in a reality
where what happened with ccu was abuse in all
lights 100% because the girl who went to
coscu's house was drunk
when she had said that she liked to
have sex drunk and
drunk she had sex drunk and
drunk and then the next day
after having vomited all over the
house she said Uf buah it's that I was very
drunk yesterday I don't remember all this
mess that I made And you understand that
and I interpreted it as abuse without
equanum it can't be anything other than
sexual abuse when that girl had gone to
kcu's house to have sex and
had explicitly told  kku I
like to have sex for a
lifetime but then Ricky's girlfriend
edy tells him she was going to be super drugged I do
n't remember anything she was
unconscious and all that and
from there Ricky infers that this is
sexual abuse I interpreted it as not the one who
invented sexual abuse is
Ricky edit I mean I don't think those two
versions can coexist in the same
reality well I tell you the same thing but the
other way around I don't believe that then
when Lali tells you that you believe
it is abuse but when you have a
photograph in which he makes an unconscious girl cringe he
uncovers her for the photo
and passes it to his friends Then that does
n't seem like abuse to you
Sergio no I mean if you're blaming me for
coherence no you don't understand
How do I think if it is abuse no no I
think it is abuse or it is not abuse
I think what the lawyer Pablo
Franco says who has come here among
many other people Okay and and basically
Look for the definition of abuse Look for all
that okay and there are a series of apart from the
photograph there are a series of
statements in a live where  the
girl wakes up and doesn't remember
having slept with czu kocu she is
telling her that the girl was saying save me
save me and she was grabbing her hands
okay I don't think it was
rape I think that what could
be considered abuse Maybe it could
be abuse even
maybe if the girl wasn't
conscious it could be look at what
happened with the girl from Big Brother the girl from
Big Brother
and this one where they
sentenced her abuser okay that girl
slept with the other contestant
every night and they slept together every
night then the abuser arrived he
got into bed with her the girl had
drunk that night she had eaten little and the
girl was sentenced for
sexual abuse what it seems to me Sergio it
seems to me that this is already logical eh
I'm not a lawyer or a judge or anything
like that But it seems to me
that grabbing the girl you have her
unconscious after she has vomited
all over the house the girl is with her
eyes half looking she doesn't know where and
you uncover her  and you take a picture of him
making faces and also making faces
to send it to your friends and on top of that
the photos go viral, man, well I know it
's a little worse. No, now that you're
telling me about Ali, man, that Ali has
been telling you that he's unconscious,
of course, I think it's irrelevant what we
think if it was ultimately an
infidelity That's the fact what's
irrelevant is not that it was an
infidelity, no one has ever denied that it
was an infidelity And no one has denied that the girl lied to Ricky we said that from day one what's more is that I have exclusives where Ricky gets mad at me because I have exclusives commenting that the girl lied to you dude you're saying that this is abuse when well
remember one thing
and remember one thing when the girl I know
when we started saying the others Hey
but what the [ __ ] is this that you're saying
that you're going to report Dalas because he
's calling you I don't know what and and the abuser
of your girlfriend You're going to report him and he
jumped buah no and they started to explain
why they weren't going  to report the abuser but
Dallas has never been reported either just
like she has never had a
restraining order ever just like
all the stuff they've made up that
police stations close at 3 and then you
can enter Andorra
okay it doesn't make sense it doesn't make sense
Okay then here well then I'll tell you
the same thing of course Yes man Of course yes if your
partner comes telling you that she has been
abused because they have slept with her
As if she were a rag okay And she does
n't know Her friends told her
days later but of course that's not the
case Sergio it's that's not the case it's that
Ricky records some conversations
taking his girlfriend's cell phone while she's
sleeping okay let's be clear he records
some conversations where Ali is
again wanting to meet up with the
guy what are you telling me and in any case
at one point he says Well I
believed it for half a
second before making the videos I'll
number you our truth I'll number you taser on
Twitter I'll number you video the next day
the two of them on Twitter during the day justifying
why they were going to report Dallas and and
rapist is not worth it And then a series that
first recorded it and when it had
published I don't know how many episodes it
deleted it and recorded it again just so
that the girlfriend wasn't next to it
all those videos Sergio recorded them Ricky
saying that it was abuse while
he didn't think it was abuse in the
thread in which he wrote he
is already telling you I was aware from the first
moment that this was
voluntary What are we debating
Who came up with it
and Who came up with it first if
Ricky came up with it her and how does that make
him better well let's go I don't know what
is worse if it was his idea because he does
n't want to accept that he has been cheated on
because he has an ego and wants to
go about what is not worth it, about Alfa is worth it
or that he really knows that there is no
abuse, that he
convinces himself of an abuse and that he starts
making a series of videos accusing
an innocent guy of being an abuser I mean, I do
n't know what is
worse Ricky put a lie on his channel
when he said of course it is not the debate is
who comes up with it  invented if she or he
Well I think that she what I think eh
Because of course now we will have to see the
real conversation that they had that
only the two of them heard it
now what Lali tells me will be
nuanced by Lali and what Ricky says
What Ricky says the police station is at
3 in the afternoon, you'll tell me, you
know But anyway It's a
conversation that the two of them had
only the two of them have heard it And
neither of the two of them is going to tell us the
conversation 100% true okay
[Music]
what I think what I think is that
when I grabbed her phone
surely what she said was something like she
was drunk she got carried away she was
very drunk and it got out of hand I don't
know what something like that okay And little by
little little by little it would escalate into
abuse I think that he was a participant in
that invention okay whether it occurred to her
or it occurred to him He made a series
of videos without believing it lying to people
until it went very far he got
really drunk and  she blamed herself on the wrong person,
not here she's the liar, she's the only one, very
cowardly, very cowardly, very cowardly. So
I understand, I'll tell you
the biases, the thing is that I feel like attacking
Ricky edit and I feel like in this case
defending this narrative and such, I don't
give a damn Ricky edy, I don't give a damn
alali, I have nothing with any of them,
eh, to me, it's just that I don't care, it's the
content, cla sincerely, it's that I don't
care, I don't go on trips with any of them,
nor do I have a friendship with anyone or
anything like that,
which we obviously already have, an
experience, jurisprudence, not
based on lies, man, of course, man, of course,
son, of course, a restraining order,
a complaint that doesn't
exist,
and Well, to Lali, to Lali, according to Lali, she has
reported her saying that there was a that that
Lali belonged to a Latin gang,
that Dallas couldn't step foot in Andorra, that the
restraining order was already in a
much higher court,
man, Sorry, but this is not a
personal problem that I have with anyone,
to me, all the internet characters  they don't
give a [ __ ] they're
work tools now and
serene where is serene and where is she
Hey I'm going to put a tweet saying that just in
case I disappear from the internet Of
course I have no intention of
disappearing from the internet man
please man
please but value a little
narrative coherence value a little coherence
when it comes to telling these things man
Because they've called me everything for
not that coscu coscu coscu
and then now roll no no This is
all understood Ricky edit What
she told him could never be
sexual abuse It's not that Ricky never believed her
no that it couldn't be abuse Wait wait
How do you see I'm sure that
Ricky rationally his brain was
telling him something else but his heart
is probably telling him something else
and I have an eyebrow that
what I mean you don't want to get into it you don't
want to finish blaming Ricky but
yes I mean it doesn't make sense
a kiss senna it doesn't make sense
this doesn't make [ __ ] sense I mean he
rationally or rather here I'm already defending him
from what  he did in public No,
rationally he didn't believe it, no, but his
heart did believe it, but what the [ __ ], but
he did have conversations where he wanted to meet up
with him again, it does
n't make
sense because Ricky was in love
like crazy, so a person
who is caught okay with the other guy and the
other guy is lying to him and
cheating on him and all that, he still can't tell him
no, the culprit is you That you
believed it, okay? And that you gave credence to
his version, man, of course he did,
so how could he be the culprit in this
situation? Ricky edited that this lady is
making up that she was unconscious, that she had
taken a lot of drugs, that you've
seen all the details and all the
[ __ ] she said to her friend,
if she doesn't say anything serious, the audios last
20 seconds, each audio Sergio doesn't say
any details to his friend, he doesn't say any
details to his friend, the audios are
Haha I'm having a good time, another
audio is awesome, girl, you tell him Ricky that I
was completely convinced that I
was no longer with him and the other one is Haha
Tell him that I was super drunk, super
drugged, you understand  How does a
girl who does those things think you understand
How does a girl who says to her
friend think Look, you're going to lie and you're going to say
that I went to your house with you and I was
crying and I almost had an anxiety attack,
give her a kiss But
what Let's see, everyone's so bad, okay, it's that of course it
seems that you're defending Lali, no Lali, to
protect her, she covers her
up, well she says,
lie to Ricky, lie to Ricky, tell him if you have to swear on your family, swear on your family, okay, but tell him that I was, that I was, not on drugs, ima, and that and that I, especially in what she insists in those audios that the friend tells
Ricky that she was convinced that they had
broken up, okay because surely
what would happen is that they had broken up, they
had half broken up, they would have fought one
of those times that you break up, okay And she
[ __ ] and said we broke up, I hooked up with
a guy and then he would say, well, but it
's that we broke up without breaking up, something like that
would be him Ricky suffered a lot, no Sergio
in love, he says, face twisting with
laughter,
but  it's that Ricky's versions don't match,
let's go ahead and tell you from memory
but we can search for them in a video for
the main page if you want Mika a kiss
Thank you very much Mik I mean let's see
Ricky finds her cell phone
some conversations where the guy
wants or rather where she wants to meet up
with the guy again she's insisting on
meeting up with the guy again okay she knows
perfectly well that he [ __ ] her
okay then the guy is the one who gets in
touch with Rick and Ed and tells him everything
and Ricky in that thread that he published
says that from that moment on he knows
perfectly well that no that everything has been
voluntary okay Ricky blocks her he
deletes her Instagram stories and the
photos he has with her on Instagram
so that his public finds out that he
broke up with her he didn't take out a
song I think on Spotify if I'm not
mistaken eh He also remembers something from a
song also on Spotify in those
moments no
e he fights with and messes with all of us
who think that his girlfriend is
cheating on him okay And then with his balls
when Dallas takes out a video
laughing at him Then when he runs
take her there to  andorra And
then a
teaser a tser of a rape
Oh a kiss Sergio nothing happens I
love you Likewise
Eh well well well well well I'm
throwing hoop Puos also
eh let's continue with arit who uploaded
this tiktok me watching them and I still
stayed knowing that I was playing the game
with platinum included me watching them and I still
stayed okay this is like a trend
and I still stayed What is it about Well,
a trend that is to tell everything bad
that your ex-partner has done to you and you still
continued with him here's an example he
left me to go to the movies I had to go
alone and I still stayed he cheated on me with a friend
's stepsister caela what's up
Lali is not good but Ricky is disgusting and
the truth is Lali seems super scared to me
in the audios because of Ricky's reaction
Yes but she could also be scared for
many reasons because he exposes her
publicly because he makes a video of her, I
mean, realize that Ricky always
threatens to make a video of her, I mean,
we saw it with the girls do you also
remember no  you don't give me back the 200 euros
or I'll open right now and expose you
as if it were you know, come on man
please our, I was supposed to stay with
him and I stayed with her and I still stayed
although I also tell you this that says more
about the sons of [ __ ] that were the exes or
the idiots that they were for
continuing I understand a little of both
but for me the majority are making it up
What do we run into after what
you
published clo jit Well with a little of
everything people thinking that you are going for Carola
something how pathetic that of and I still
stayed I haven't seen it I haven't seen it I didn't
know it Eh she sent me these places before
and I say well she herself admitted
Carola Although she denies it you can see it coming for
her in the next few weeks you are
completely out of your mind you really
need to go out and see more life F Carola
Although I don't understand why
people too Knowing Caroli has had
other partners before okay because I don't
even think that this was because of
Ali okay I don't understand why people
start writing to her  F Carola, that is, whoever
writes this is because they did not know about
Alit's existence before.
Beyond the internet. Hey, you have to leave the
internet a little bit, the one who uploads this to the
internet so that the subject can be talked about, okay.
And this was. Of course, it was going to happen.
People who think that V for Alexby D
was right say some. The
issue is that if you go to
statements DEET when I was with
Alexby once said the following: As
of today, I am 27 years old, I am going to be 28 and I
think I am quite self-sufficient and
adult enough to know how to
differentiate a person. Hi, Luare says it's
about an ex from before Alevi that she
always talks about. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I know, I know, I know, about a
[ __ ] and against someone very
good, let's see. I'll also tell you one thing.
Okay, opinion,
opinion. I think that what
Aroya is saying here, she doesn't think the same
today, okay,
and no, I think she doesn't think well. Dei,
as of today, in fact, it has come to me that she does
n't think well about Da, okay, but at this
moment, she was with him and she was
defending him. Okay, now, the tiktok
that  we have seen Well I think it's
for the ex why Well because between
them they form like this elite where they
meet at events and such and they are going to
coincide So she's not going to
say one thing, she's not going to burn lesy
publicly okay so that a
controversy is started and such
Okay Hey all those people who throw
[ __ ] at her saying that she's a bad person and
that I don't realize and that they barely
make me look stupid I'm sorry but I'm
not a [ __ ] stupid person I'm not
a [ __ ] stupid person I know when
someone is good And who is bad Here
logically I was defending leex b and
then for me the key I have
had a bad person in my life
before I have had a bad person
in my life before And that
bad person left my life Why Because I
kicked her out of my life if someone was bad in
my life I would totally kick her out car surely
in the published tiktok you were talking about
someone she met
previously Who is it Ah well Jesus Random
wasn't one long before she was
known Yes but let's go this has been
mentioned aro has already mentioned it
many times Yes I  I think Tito was
obviously going for what he said before, okay
now for me I don't rule out that it's also
inside,
okay, but of course the doubt is in the
air, mor aleja or give your name and surname or
shut up, pretty and not from my people with
this and a cake. Well, yes, a little, yes,
a little, let's see, well, not to me, it's that
you see, many times with the subject of
speculations you don't imply things,
well, people may interpret
worse things than what you
are actually insinuating, no.
And then also that
several people could take it as if she were alluding to, but
maybe she has the
intention of doing it that way, that's why she
does it, I mean, she's not stupid. I think she
intends for a
few people to take it as if she were alluding to them, that she
knows perfectly well that many people are going to
think that because she's lesbian, okay, but she leaves it there, do you
understand, fabric fabric Lili, sailor fabric,
eh, we've seen it, we've seen it
before, what else has
happened, Cristal Molis has fought with Juan. Hey,
don't [ __ ] with me. Well, now we
calm down, now we
relax, per  4 minutes I'll do it They passed
like people already after
I said things as they were about
the things of a kiss fall
beautiful I don't know why your donations never sound
eh wescol And about the Dead
everything has calmed down Although let me
tell you something son of a [ __ ] I
want to burn Juan here live we
break a record of members and they
leave us for some ladies and even then I
was completely devastated eh I don't know if I'm going to the
group eh the community today How is the
community going By the way has it grown more or
what how disgusting we are no man watch out with
this eh You're going to
freak out where you can see the people
there something went wrong [ __ ] Twitter is
lately rotilli
rotilli things man have you seen
this is that I will see the other days said I'm going to
do a challenge estropo so that Pepa
cleans the kitchen and they started to give it to her
people didn't have the live didn't have a
donation as soon as he said that started
people p p p pom I have theens the
live had hardly any donations and
people started pom pom pom I mean keep
track yes  now there are more donations
less donations here luckily me and
touch
wood that it's been many years but we
have the best community on the Internet
Peppa Look always always always you
look at my chat above and it's non-
stop it's non-stop both here and in
telesalseo it's non-stop people support
here that you [ __ ] man and that's why we are
dedicated simos here to try to do the
best we can of chili envy and
chocolate now but it's that you trust the
control trust you the control no but it's that
apart it's not true here there is
never let's
go strange it's that there is a moment when
people are not like that there are not the
colorful ones at the top of the chat you
are always always always giving cane to the
Channel estropajo well I don't know what to do
with so many
estropajos 86 membership not in sansan in
question of what very little
is not the same you go then the salsería
and eh Sebastián I don't know what he sent you 50 50
50 50 that also you yourself said that
since they came from the other side of the Pond that they
cost man
How the hell has he signed already  to
Sebastian How has Sebastian already signed
man are you going to leave No no it's going to be there it's going to be
there
[Music]
contacting sebti and all cen 50
members with that my money helps you with
your demands it's a
pleasure I think I'm about to
find out who Wilson is Eh caela
Well send me what you find there
are many things out there public
and man the stupidest ones send it to me by email
or yes by email I see it better okay
to separate it a little from the amount of
md I think today is a perfect day
for all the kids who are
here in the chat to say Look we are all
Sebastian the Sebastian ería and
everyone gives away 50 members 20 members or
something like that says wizard I give you a
like in the live and I come out
for wizard Go suck it says I give you a
like in the live and I come out losing
[ __ ] you that [ __ ] wizard is that you
are not a member nor you [ __ ] you are not a
member nor you man s
you son of a [ __ ] mother are you
adding fire eh to the bonfire you
're adding fuel to the fire feeding
the idiots you know how they are You
know them because you've been scammed for like 20 years in
a row and there we are, the
idiots, saying don't leave Juanito
leave him alone they scam him for everything Ah
right now since he had glow up and he's giga chat
and his [ __ ] mother and he's I'm I'm this his
G chat face and I can't get this
[ __ ] G
chat face I'm Juan I have a beard Now yes, since you
're not the camas anymore, now he's the bet of
bet now yes he doesn't care about anything Now
yes one no
pu all Hey so that
Peppa wants to contact you all, don't you all find
the idea attractive If you all give away a
bunch of
members she's going to want to count Pepa's
here right now with the notebook right
Lili Pin Pin Pin pino it's known that it's
known who the kid is who donated to
the kids' club What time, when and why,
man, give your opinion You're welcome but when they
scam you again I won't be there
saying leave Juanito  he does nothing
because everyone calls him names and he's the only one Pina
son of a [ __ ] Eh this is how we're going to be
now that you're the bet everyone
forgot everyone forgot how he was
hated and called names for like two years in a row and
only we were saying There
goes a kiss Caela let's go long Juanito don't
do anything to those who come to my
Stream to call him the camas because he's my
friend and I'm not going to allow that you son of a
[ __ ] and I like your mom eh your
mom is very nice to me and I yell it That's right
but now he's from bet he's not the
camas anymore now he's from beted and now he's really
forgotten everything but I don't understand this
nonsense
Why did he completely forget with his
[ __ ] beard now that he has I don't understand
Why the crap he's doing guys well
this video is to tell you So
quickly that the people that I mentioned these days
eh And that I said things I already
spoke directly to them Handsome Marí
who are the people that I mentioned and
I apologize if  I arrived if somehow King
waler five pieces of member Let's go there is
Peppa looking for you on
Instagram Hey listen to me this could also
help a little bit of tinder eh I mean
you donate here and Peppa looks for you on
Instagram at the moment eh way I managed to
affect them emotionally or something like that with
what I said and well with them I tell them
with the people who are them
the seleven or how did a Sandwich enter now
myth of seleven
eh How did a swi enter now myth of
seleven eh excuse me and they told me that everything
is fine and so on but I don't understand
why I mean with you who are the
communities and the people I never
mentioned anything bad about you or got involved
with you at all and I
know that's how it is in the world of the Internet
but what's the matter I mean it seems like you had
a lot of hate Really saved And go with
it if I were to affect you you can't just
apologize in a
normal way a kiss a kiss Carlos I mean
all the attacks towards my person
transphobic towards my family threats
of you know what I mean Search  on my
social networks old photos of me
where I appear with my parents what photos that
I didn't even have What the hell, I didn't even know they
were from a Facebook that they hacked me and
so on And what's up no I mean it really seems like they
had a lot of hate stored up You should
go check that out because I didn't even
get involved with you guys I'm telling you the people I
mentioned Those affected I apologized to
them already I mean everything is fine they are always
things that can be misunderstood or
understood directly however you
want I didn't do it with that intention
and regarding what I said about Juan del
camas I mentioned that they call him like that
and yes it was understood that I wanted to
say it like that No at all I do not agree at
all with all the
comments that are said to him regarding that
type of things
and regarding that guy who has a
very good bed and so on I have defended him
several times I have even said but he
has a very good bed eh what How
good is Juan's bed that people
who constantly attack him like Dallas
this one really go overboard many
times but obviously the
positive things people never  go for
real I mean obviously positive things they
never clip them never
Hello what do you think about Farid I have no
idea what he is or who he is I'm going to
ask him Andy How is the
video going more because not but Dalas but
Dalas is good obviously and they only see The
bad and they all get affected and attack each other But
well it's fine but I mean but for the
[ __ ] face he started to mess with
her with his
friend she started to [ __ ]
invent a gossip with her friend and it
appears in a video I confess and it appears in
a video but Dalas I have committed
a let's see what else we can see
man they always say that this month is like the one that
[Music]
most is that I would like to see
Good night caela very
polite Let's see let's see
this gonor I'm going to tell you something and ao
facto for the most facto of all
the [ __ ] facts that I'm going to throw
facts to see gonorrhea you can see look at the
strip that they did to me a little while ago they
came out and threw me ass and that
I don't know what we're not going to  say names
that I was stingy that I don't know what daddy
I won't forget dude that I saw
that woman arriving with the
gold work team and that dog Samsung j6 Prime
with a broken screen with
dirty shoes people from the work team
yeah you understand partner you see those
around me all iPhone 15 all dress well
with their chains with their watches with a
good motorcycle yes you understand daddy everyone
around me has to be well
because I'm really good [ __ ] and that's how it is
then before I help
any son of a [ __ ] titan Well I'm going to
help my girlfriend dude it's you that makes you
angry conor Then don't listen to her my
brother That's my explanation for that pa
I prefer that the same ones grow than that
someone who's already up there grows up and
already cries hurts
scream
kick but it's that if you think with
orrea first of someone who is already
up there instead of those who are
next to you You are a [ __ ] shitty person
my brother and I can assure you something
everything
all Endo this bath
of this bath of humility
no Marifer Centeno
missing
Pol Hello friends How are you welcome
welcome to another video with more
information with all this controversy that
is happening to what expert my Fran
always comes out of is the
graphologist yesterday I had
shared a video where she appears
in a press conference in which they
question the issues of what will
happen to Mr. doctor what will happen to
Mr. Alfredo Adame if you have not
seen it I invite you to go see it eh
after this note there was no more talk
about the Marifer Centeno issue
nothing important had come out until
a couple of hours ago well practically at
dawn today the news began to come out
and they were publishing it on
this important pages of notes no
and the news came out that Marifer Cent
is not
missing obviously this began
to worry all the people but yes I have
seen it today in a video of Luis
of course it will obviously be recorded
what was his name Luis
Luis Ah what was his name man damn first it
was no first it was the other day it
was damn with whom he has collaborated a lot
also Luis hender damn the other day it was
my doctor too and Messi  verga no
Messi verga it was the other day Messi verga it
was the other day I think I saw him in
the
thumbnail very famous guy like that from Mexico
damn Look you see let's
finish because he's going to come out
Damn I'm sure he's going to come out
here Luisito Rey Luisito Rey uploaded uploaded
a video with her yesterday or today let's see
look at her it was Mister doctor a few days ago
and and now it was him it was
her she saw him two days ago now but yeah
come on because there's a controversial case right
now in which she has a
certain problem with one person or
two people in this case Mr. doctor and
Alfredo Adame What is serious is that a
lot of people are starting to point out
that the one behind all this is Mr.
doctor I mean we can't make those
accusations the truth until a
couple of hours ago Since nobody had said anything
about it Well yes everyone was
thinking the worst they were thinking that
really someone took her they
sent her to disappear or something like that
But let's get into context
completely so that so that we
understand where the issue that
Marifer Centeno is missing
came from let's read the note regarding this
issue very well here is the  news So you can
see that the news is not false it
came out as such Marifer Centeno is
missing the truth behind the rum
humors and her relationship with Mr doctor
Marifer Centeno once again dominated the
conversation on social networks on the afternoon
of Tuesday, December 10 One day
after calling a
press conference to share details of the
legal process she filed against the
youtuber Octavio Arroyo better known
as Mr doctor for the commission of four
alleged crimes the news of the
alleged disappearance of the
graphologists in ex the rumor gained strength
quickly because a day before
Marifer Centeno revealed through her
tiktok account that she reinforced her
security after a tense
couple a friend has the book bloggers
Now in which J redhead melos is
a laugh you have to make a video
in the main what book is that
bloggers
Now at the international
book fair in Guadalajara they wanted to
throw acid in my face precisely the
publishing house came to the conclusion that
the ideal thing was to reinforce my
security because several people
do you with  Throwing acid in your face
means you have to be very careful, she
indicated in a broadcast on the
video platform TV Notas published
an informative note where she referred to that
one of her reporters tried unsuccessfully to
obtain statements from Marifer Centeno
in relation to the press conference
held in a cafeteria in
Mexico City. The graphologist accompanied
by lawyers Alonso Besiro and Mariana
Gutiérrez were accused of intimidating
the reporters we looked for the
graphologist with her in a heo [ __ ] way
no let's see if he answers me
the editor answers me man to
know if send you to the Principal if he already
has it or another day but
the melos appears in this video there are no two without
three the third installment of bloger arrives
not an illustrated book of stories written
by the most creative bloggers in
Spain what the [ __ ] are
you doing chusita fashion curric focusing
Gema de fuer gorka Blog
ismi Lidia Jimeno Lua lunera Madame Mark
Mickey
No what is this man Let's see wait there
are three
editions what is this
you in the second edition  participate
Adelita Power Agatha Grey Anita twi Anna
gors Uy Anna gor this sounds a lot like she
was a friend of aplo damn I haven't
said this name again for a
decade I haven't heard from her again we
snuck into the house of the youtuber Ana
gors damn damn
but of course this was from
La Pandilla this eh also
eh
damn how strong how
long ago there were like many bloggers
Eh like Anna
gorse Yes
yes also haplo appears and a couple more Yes yes it
's true I remember this one no no I haven't
heard from her again but it was 1000
years ago I mean but a thousand thousand thousand years ago
eh Look now she plays soccer Ah No look
she's a
bit of a [ __ ] but 100 years old eh I mean what
is this
Dj how heavy eh Look
Dj he's true
Sure but I don't remember exactly
who she
was friends with eh I mean I think she was from La
Pandilla this one from de
marra but I don't remember 100% I don't
remember 100% who exactly And
such But I think from the group eh  like I
think of the group as such
eh What year are we here 18 Look over here
more or less no
over here more or
less yes Belena I was thinking caela a
kiss this girl also from est this
participated in this then she worked after
this on YouTube then she worked in
Operación Triunfo and this girl is the one who
dressed up as Dallas do you remember
that famous video clip in which
they dressed up the girl as Dallas well it
was this one this is
gakian that just today I saw her
again
on s if she was fluxer or something like that eh look
here
I am not in this one specifically tmdi
I was in this eh
in tmdi in one in one of
these an event it was a conference I don't
know what the hell this was but this is where
I was on Gran Vía I interviewed this girl
Carla the ovalo I have a
video on the main channel I
interviewed her look who sees it if it's from La
Pandilla I told you
And who else is in the
book lowered her forelock Belena Ginor mouth flip-flop
and then there's a first edition
But  what he writes in the book So it
says the
book is old no bloggers
Now I can't find the one
dude let's see the one I think this is the one
Sure but you don't tell me who it is in the
one blogger Now several
authors but they don't tell you the
names of the one Oh my God but what the [ __ ] is this
this is so old How do you want me to make
a video of this if it's so old
no but [ __ ] no They don't put the
names of the one they don't put the
names of the one no Put the names of
the authors dude the one doesn't
put the names I want to
know melos dude
melos wrote
there look here there are videos on
YouTube let's
see this would be bloggers Now 2 okay Ren
the network jager jager is always jager it's
always been like this one of these eh Adelita
Power cuala rabid right
also these people have not
appeared again
right And this is a book trailer
[Music]
or some madness it's a way of life what I have
inside my head
enjoy friends sadness sometimes and
even some madness it's a way of
life it's my way of life well it's my way
of life it's my way of life it's my way  of
life is my way of life is my way
[ __ ] but this is not the one is my way
of life
is this it can't be no no no pical or
something like that it wasn't this no that it was like
that they chaban it with
follow it's this is
my way of life [ __ ]
esena I'm a blogger
[ __ ] people who maybe while they
were doing their careers or their things Well
while they were dedicated to being youtuber But
like an extra like
the old the old Now no now
this is another business No but I want to
see the one dude but you told me that
melos and I want to see one but there's
nothing about the
one about the one there's nothing
dude
Look at the
two the
two but about the one nothing
This is the
one This is the TR the
V but Melo coming out in this dude And
why would Melos come out in
this just kidding
no [ __ ] but it's no look this is the
three you see it about the one there's nothing about the one there's
nothing between Peppa and these Random
things are weak eh things are weak
things are weak
Yeah there's not much there's not
much I'm waiting for the editor to answer me
to know if I make you Ray for the
main channel or not
Look at the community that now comes to
mind Lili tells me
but Lili Look for them This is the
one no this is the two you
see Well then we are going to be left without
knowing who the one from the
one jager are
eh I mean jager was around there eh
[Laughter]
and now it's on Spanish television eh
be it's like What a strange turn
life takes eh What a strange turn all
life eh Damn but we are going to be left without
knowing About the one
eh the
one this Christmas we are in December
already but it happens in the same month okay okay okay okay
as I was saying desin
we have a big surprise quality there is
quality I mean you have to listen to it And
that is something good because this is a
joke absolutely true
calm down it's coming out bloggers Now
special edition because this is not the
same as always is that true sublime
fantastic unbeatable fantastical
really good Amazing yes new
surely my first videos give this
cringe eh bloggers new stories but they
will not be on paper
no But why if it is original
calm down because for the first time
we publish in digital so that  can
enjoy it all over the world What a
modern thing nothing can fail is my goal
Sorry you don't eh But this doesn't end
here well yes Well it's true don't
worry Exactly because if you haven't been
able to read the first bloggers Now
now they will also be in digital
so you can read it on your e readers
iPads or mobiles do you like the idea we have them we have them
if the cat says so we have them we have them We
have the ones
from the first edition it's
worth it to the people the people Look Adrián music
adriá
music a kiss caela go go la caela what you
have discovered for us Adrián music
Alberto is happy let's say Navarro F
you the names they gave each other were very like that
right the bayo mastercat hapl shaffer J
redhead the other leverne limon ni full
marían miop m de Lolo Peral tuki ras
Smith r Smith disappeared recently no no
not long ago he was good maybe I
'm smoking a joint but I would swear that
like 5 years ago he was interviewing
Pedro
Sánchez Yellow mow
but no here he is not Melo here  it's not melos you have
appreciated me come on let's
go to the community we're leaving dude he's not
answering me
Andy
Jer let's go to the community we're leaving come on go it's
not going I got in before it's not
going now it's going it's
not starting directly leave at the time
scheduled Today it wasn't
scheduled we break the record of members and they
leave us Team bad ones no no but what about
Wilson seriously eh what about
Wilson Don't tell me wizard that this
account the one that tags me every day
in Where are my colleagues is
you there is an account on instagram that
tags me every day in my video of
where are my
colleagues Every [ __ ] day it tags me
Where are my
colleague day two reminding Javi that he
promised us a nice video for the
main channel per But this is a
way of telling me that the ones I'm
uploading are [ __ ]
[ __ ] Javi fuchsia This is your idol but
to me the girl gave me a good
impression in the other aspects no and I
was with her for several moments since but
listen to me who do you think
roso Carrasco likes better you or
me Hey but you're going to  sabotage you
are going to sabotage the
gentlemen that talking to dala to
ask her something man but I still don't
have Of course what to ask her you will understand
this
Okay what garbage the H of
Twitter could not do to
Dallas to nobody you know why because I do
n't to nobody you know why because I am not a
Sailor I am not a Sailor I am a captain I am a captain I am a captain
and that's it
to nobody you know why because I am not a Sailor I am not a
Sailor I am a captain I am a
captain I am a captain and that's it
Pilar Berair says that I have
lost my prestige now because I
am fighting with
her my
34 3 yes 33 34 years old I would be here already
eh I [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life sig that she is
years old this lamp of the guy
this lamp of Mario what a
life no wow what a life she is
having it is not here it is here what a
life she is having no 34 years the
baby
eh 60 already disappeared because she already fought
with the
ese d against
wimu and What does it look like well the only thing that is
not in the bottle This is me And as you can see I am gothic
different
special I have something that you don't have it's
called
personality I scare you my
intelligence scares you Well I should because at the
slightest I'll knock you down you're a snob who doesn't
know anything I challenge you whenever you want
this so this is
how the vigilantes who
appear against Dallas look today And that eh They
look like this they look like this in reality no no
but this time this vigilante
is the good one they believe that eh they
believe that this time I I I am I am
this time I am the one who will be able what are you
doing I can't put joints in palla my
for so you Hey delox I After
watching lawyer series Hey delox why have
you threatened my client with taking out
contracts that don't belong to you well I
can do it Dallas's lawyer because he
insulted me and called me geeks well you ca
n't do it because that
contract doesn't belong to you okay And also it's
very ugly that you say cageta does it mean
something Javi Oliveira's lawyer yes
Delos's lawyer please I'm going to
send you a burf so you stop touching
the support for my client and also I'm also
bringing Fran Cuesta's lawyer here Yes
I wanted to say that  in Thailand what I
'm doing is legal Ultimately
Javi's lawyer Thailand's lawyer and
delox and Dallas's lawyer we can sign
an
agreement After seeing my
least schizophrenic moment eh I mean the truth
is that trust you having to listen
to a lady Lili now saying that I have now
lost my prestige on the internet and I
think I'm literally in my [ __ ]
Prime Lali continues accusing Ricky and his
new partner in a horrible way
let me live that the one who has been
putting up with messages for a [ __ ] year of I wish he saw you I
wish you
died is me and she is saying that it doesn't
affect her in the least But there are
many posts on her Instagram and on
her pages in general where she
makes references to what happened not
like this one about him I'm going to forget her in
her dreams well the one who supposedly
says that he is the one who is related to her
but literally moved 5 minutes away from
him and puts it here Ah but it's that maricel
always positions herself not in favor of the
man and it's like you don't know the Lore no
either I'm not St Hi Ricky you told me
in a call that I was never going to  to be able to
live in Andorra here I am
we are neighbors we can meet for a
coffee and talk things over and the
problem that I know is going to happen will end it is
pathetic to see how such a young person
can ruin his life like this
first by doing what he did then he already has
things not because of the Blue page the
public humiliation the false accusation
frankly I wish he seeks mental help
amir
amir Yes well it's normal he didn't watch the
debates or anything like that of course but let's
see stop
saying that Lali Mira it's
like she takes things that she
sees literally no for example no it's not that Lali
has gone to live 5 minutes from Ricky
of course that's like if I say that I
moved to Andorra and Auron that I live 5
minutes from you you have gone to live next
to Auron no [ __ ] the first thing is that
Andorra almost all is relatively I don't
know like half an hour at most each
but the second is that it's a way of
speaking the 5 minutes thing is not like
literal it's not
[Music]
literal one day I have to play
horror game eh again wizar this week
with the member gifts [ __ ] Well
look what they've given away members
eh there it is No yeah we're up to date
we're up to date Rebeca a kiss we're up to
date we're up to
date well people the editor doesn't answer me
dude I don't know if he's fallen asleep but in
theory in theory a video is going to be uploaded
to the main Channel at any
moment but
well I want to feel your
body next to mine bu dude I'm
working on a
project for the
main channel I'm leaving because I really want you all to
know and you can't
find out for another three weeks out
there it works yes sometimes yes
sometimes yes
but You're going to freak out you're not
going to see it coming because it's that no you don't
expect it I just got here tell me nothing
gentlemen there's a video on the
main channel in a while let's see but it's that
[Music]
not until January Yes in January in January I'll say it in January I'll
say it in January I'll say it in January or at the
end of this one we'll see I have to
talk to
Fran I have to talk I have to
talk about it guys a kiss I'm going to sleep
a kiss handsome tomorrow we'll
see each other tomorrow we'll see each other on telesalseo
tomorrow I think we'll see each other on telesalseo
here I don't know if something happens well I don't
believe it a kiss